hello I have a new video for today
I want you first
I apologize for the last days
I did not upload anything
pretty much around the ears but now
I have time again and like you
I was probably on the lookout
weekend at the hairdresser have mine
hair dyed have become very light
but I really like it very much
I always had big ones
approach and it had to be easy now
that I get my hair back to color
yes, of course I would be over
Comments from you are happy if you
I also liked it or what you liked
Stop it and I want you
show in this video today like her
clearly is still used correctly
or that means he can blood
You just have pillows yourself
So you can do a pillow like her
could do it yourself is very easy
You just need one thing
thicker sports socks and that cuts
here once the front where the ten actually
come on I just with
the scissors cut out and around now
to take out of the air cushion you take
just cut your page in
the hand and her friend you the thing
Just try on that so that's one
a bit neat is not too
many levers in there are yes and then
creates something and these are the
Pillows are very similar so then
I show you now time that we
boxes can correctly apply it
I had only once internally cock
I've already done that
the listener will prepare you for that
let me set your mind
did not want to make it too high for me
assets at the height
Sun pulls the beautifully
and if you want to apply that now
then you take the best
once a ponytail forward
Put your blood kissel here on the
peaks and now we just take
your hair tips and puts them once
over there and put up here in the hole
they do not have to be at all now
distribute around the triste are easy
that they are stuck in the loft
and now she is turning her blood pillow
just up and after all
You already have a few more turns
hair around here who just pulls her
that they are relatively good for the blood
Give it a kiss and then turn it
simply continue a
every now and then to distribute again nice
it is also good that it is cushion
about the same color as yours
Hair now he just turns it for so long
until the anholter scalp you can still
Let the hair lie spread out nicely
and now you have a beautiful one
voluminous by which is suitable for
the everyday life because it is a very fast
But hairstyle is really good
especially if you give them a kick
wears a bit higher and that's why
you still wear well to festivities
So I really like the woman really great
and the third ones are also in
different sizes as depending on how
your head is coming or how you are
I just like it a bit bigger
or something smaller
yes that 's it again me
hope my hairstyle and the video have
quite liked
and yes, maybe I'll see yes
Also in the next days something else
except a few video to shoot
let's see
you also have ideas and then write
us down into the comments
and there until the next video